
flood forecasting:
- something for Peel
- something for Toronto

=> not yet MVP -> one of these make a product
- piere simon asks for new products
- mike faye -> 
- brandon, lotan -> frank asks in context of mvp
- brandon - mvp peel ( mike faye the same meeting - no responce)
- rfp response city of hamilton due friday - small group farshid, latan, brandon - small tech group working on RFP
- they do manual qaqc with Peel data but the're not pushing towards autoqaqc now even if it's a 75% time saver for them
-> looks like mike faye was convinced to qaqc but the rest of the group is somehow not convinced -> maybe the've already hired people for qaqc and don't want change the status quo
-> Sam - money saver for him - makes more money from the same contract > Frank will get it going - not to throw Brandon under the Bus

->Trekk image processing - Frank provided pricing to Kevin 
-> they have a bd case around swmm in tesler ( kwl ) and other staff - Greg says 
-> powerbi connector -> ahmed working on it Greg wants to make it available for weftec

did sina speak to you about lacounty -> setting alarms form existing lacounty sites
-> yes yesterday (mike)
frank -> I have a conversation with gina yet -> they want alarms on every site - october 1st 
minimum 500 sites all to flowworks next year
are there anything 

springfield missouri -> chca wrzucac sajty -> nie wiemy jak duze to jest - Kevin might have a sense of that - they've mentioned a sidecampers ? - Kev working on proposal - public dashboard for rain gauges

action item:
->introduces charles to piotr - the thing finished there
- piotr and charles need to talk -> he needs to understand what we did previously for montreal -> than charles wants to scope the next project
- we're going to have a call with them ( GEE had something in mind) and dominika
